"x"
"Very good product"
"Very Very good"
"Good delivery"
"Phone is not good"
"This product continues working"
"I paid extra charge for black colour but I got white colour phone but I needed it on urgent basis as I not returned"
"Didnt last even for one and half year"
"Excellent phone , but sound quality should be improved"
"Super amazing"
"Good one for cost of material thanks to Snapdeal."
"Nice phone"
"Old item has been sent."
"Good condition"
"Good speaker and battery"
"BEST BASIC MOBILE."
"Refund I want"
"EXCELLENT IAM HAPPY WITH IT"
"Great item"
"Exlent product"
"Good phone for basic use.economic."
"GOOD AND WORKING CONDITION IS OKAY"
"Super fanstastic"
"Thanks
Snapdeal"
"Gud product...nyc1 and gud battery backup..."
"Loved it 
Value for money phone 
Bought for my Mom"
"Above Expectations"
"Good product"
"Nice product"
"Nic products"
"This mobile was soo good......very good set"
"Good product"
"Mast prize"
"Good product good quality"
"Nice product.."
"not satisfied with service....poor service"
"Nice packing,  works fine"
"Good phone with good battery"
"Good product"
"Good mobile.."
"Tanks Snapdeal"
"Good mobile nice to use loved iit"
"i want pickup this item ordered very longtime pending please quickly returned the items"
"Superb...."
"Brilliant phone mind blowing"
"i like this fasalites"
"Hopeless product"
"Very good item"
"Value for money"
"Nice phone"
"not working properly and wrong product please pickup this item"
"Good goods"
"Good but nice Small mistake"
"Good lick of"
"Good service"
"Good service"
"Super delivery"
"Thanks to your sir"
"Good delivery"
"Super super quality"
"Gahshz iahsjdji kshdhjdid"
"It is really awesome. It met all the quality that is written in the product description."
"nice one.."
"Snapdeal to thanks for shoping"
"Good........"
"Nice super"
"Only drawback is there is no Bluetooth support.Rest all 5 star"
"Good service"
"The product shld be perfect wad is being displayed"
"Good price and good phone"
"This is too mobile.  Prefect mobile for long time talking"
"Nice bola in jharkhand"
"Time waste product."
"Samsung phones is always good.
Thanks Snapdeal"
"DhjdxnCncmccm"
"Value of money"
"Ncy product
Best mobile"
"Strong battery"
"Good but purchase another"
"Very worst products everything"
"Mi dblowing kasaa"
"Not good enough"
"Phone is very good performance"
"Nice phone at this price, i bought at 1800 in aug. 17. Both sim working well, good sound. If a low budget good feature phone is required be sure to have this."
"Nice phone"
"Nice. Mobile"
"Nice service And"
"Good phone to buy at this price"
"Awesum mobile , good battery backup, nice look , good voice clearity .
only bluetooth doesn't work though it has the feature"
"Delay delivery"
"Budget mobile"
"Low Price.... Compared to other site"
"Nice budget products"
"Received products before delivery date. Thanks SD."
"Good product."
"Good and worth phone this last 8 months I am using. Still no problem."
"mast phone h gajab ka"
"Good product"
"very good phone.itsowsmmmmm"
"Very well battery back up on time delivery"
"Nothing much fancy...but nice if budget is a constraint. Over all the phone works well."
"Very good product"
"Good product"
"Very good service"
"Just to  look"
"Good product"
"This budget its good phone."
"Fals itm battry is vry poor

spker is vry vry poor"
"Battery is very good"
"But late Good replacement"
"Received item quality is not good"
"Mastt haii yaaar"
"Bad and used product I have returned it. Do not purchase any product form this seller"
"battry backup is not even a single day...charger and headphone quality is also not good"
"Good phone"
"Nice product.
Love you Snapdeal"
"They send me a Chinese product"
"Old used phone found in box"
"Ok and nice product"
"Mobile isa very bad product  used mobile money west chaina products
Snapdel worest"
"@seller if this problem is not solved with in 3days I will take it as serious."
"Worth of money"
"Kharab haiiii"
"Good snepdeal 
service"
"They supplied 100 percent fake product"
"I have ordered for two times every time they deliverd me duplicate product, no headset, product manual was missing, even the phone itself fake, i realised it when i buy this product from local market. Very frustating. No quality check. Dont have anybrand value"
"this product is fake"
"No quality no brand products are delivery"
"ok not v good thanks. price is less in stoer."
"Very late delivery and charged extra rupees for delivery i ll never buy any product from snapdeal i m uninstalling this app on other side amazon give us better deal and do not charge for delivery of a product.and took more than 10 days for delivery a simple phone."
"I didnot expect like this from snap deal. The mobile which I ordered Samsung Guru music 2. It was old or may be used one. The charger is old one. and 1 item was missing in that i.e earphones. If there is a negitve rating. I would have given negitve rating."
"They firstly sent used product not even with complete accessories ear phone missing also the IMEI numbers on invoice doenot match with that on phone.
I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND NOT TO BUY FROM THIS SELLER OR SNAPDEAL."
"Donot by these mobile in snap deal they are changed the battery,charger and mobile voice not satisfied.It looking completely chain piece"
"this fone is replase because no word in and fangsan any not move battery work"
"Mobile doesn't even switch on.
Charger & mobile are used ones and some kind of plasters are sicked around to it
There are scratched on mobile screen.
Accessories missing from the package.
Snap deal is delivering used and not working phones with missing accessories.
DONT BUY IN SNAPDEAL"
"I bought this phone for Rs.1760 plus shipping fee Rs.49. but in Amazon it is Rs. 1660 with free shipping. Amazon doesnt have a stock when I try to place this phone. I bought this phone to have it delivered to my mother. Have to wait if it performs well or not. Will post a review after having it used by my mom."
"Plz amaut ritrn"
"Not working properly..refund not initiated"
"Good perfect item and write time delivery"
"Nice product"
"Earphone not recive in box"
"Handfree missing. Poor product quality"
"Local parts all"
"very bad quality"
"dont buy from snapdeal"
"The product quality is very bad. 
They deliver a china made mobile. 
Never shop with this seller. 
Also one sim slot is not working. 
Loudspeaker is not proper working. 
They deliver a mobile without headphones. 
Also they a fake another device charger. 
 Plzz do not  shop with snapdeal."
"Not sumsung guru music 2 it is a duplicate product"
"This is really fake product and it
s a replica of Samsung mobile really disappointed by Snapdeal"
"I'm Buy that mobile but Bill, Mobile Box  & Mobile IMEI No# is Deference. and that is Also Used Item...."
"Gita store send poor mobile to"
"Hi I hv been a regular customer of snapdeal so far but guys dont ever buy phone from Snapdeal... received used phone battery scratched...and that too in the box without inside fitting cardboard...
No earphones there inside..while box shows a unit of samsung earphones also... registered for return immediately without touching anything...it has been 2 days no update about when it will b picked up..."
"this cell phone low qulity and  no earphone in package"
"Its to good..."
"Very good battery backup"
"Gud phone short nd sweet"
"Give original products please"
"Very Good Charge capasity...
3days support"
"Good go for it."
"Good product with timely delivery."
"Working well"
"The mobile is not working properly am not satisfied with that.."
"Good for me"
"Buy this product.. value for money.."
"This mobile good battery be cup and nice phone"
"The look was so simple n decent.
reasonable price.
Again thanks snapdeal for this."
"Change good"
"Good product"
"gud product"
"Excellent Service... i always Prefer Snapdeal..."
"i am facing network problem in samsung guru"
"Everytime snapdeal is too gud but now at the time i recieved damage product n also not gud phone,,,screen is always bluring,,"
"Nice service was good"
"Osm mobile"
"Nice one all time super."
"Good Product and Good delivery Time and Co-operation with Customer."
"GOOD PRODUCT"
"That one is nice mobile for basic model"
"Heavy  batrey  back up"
"This mobile  good and nice looking."
"I like this phone"
"Totaly satisfied with this product and excillent delivery services of snapdeal"
"super mobile, but the delivery was worst by snapdeal  after long delay i got this mobile"
"set is very good recieved sealed packet"
"Very useful..Thanx for timely delivery.."
"Phone is working well. #1 mobile in feature phones"
"very nice mobile"
"Great battery, dual sim, must have phone if you are looking for a backup."
"Nice one... 
Good battery backup
Normal SIM"
"Nice mobile"
"I am still using this phone . It's better I like it"
"wonderful battery life
easy to use"
"Very good job"
"Its good one body is sexy sound is good"
"I m happy ."
"This is just the best phone compare to battery use. My experience this week after almost 2 months is like it is giving me 7 days battery backup. Just amazing product"
"awesome handset"
"worth the price"
"Good battery backup"
"No comments"
"Right product for the low budget. FM is good. Sound clarity is juz like same in this range of budget. ear-phone is suitable pair for this"
"Good and timely delivered"
"Try to send my item through INDIA POST.  but ecom plus is excellent"
"I am happy with this product."
"This mobile was good and nice battery"
"Thanks to Snapdeal deal.product reach earlier as given date."
"Best mobile in its category. Long Battery life, great design, strong built (I dropped it at least 10 times but no issues). Really happy with product."
"Nice product, very compact and easy to use. Unable to put 32 GB memory card on this phone."
"Very good feature phone for non tech savvy people."
"It is very good and long life battery mobile
 I am very Happy"
"with great deals"
"The phone is very good and the delivery is very fast. Thanks to snapdeal"
"This is very nice product"
"best budget phone under 2000"
"Nice phone"
"Very nice basic mobile handset, call reception and voice is loud enough for senior persons, value for money."
"Excellent Dilevery Before Due Date"
"I will recommend this product, but the packing of the product is not nice"
"Awesome phone great battery life"
"display clarity is not enough for reading messages"
"Good sound quality.and good feture phone.i love it.and package quality is so good.THANK YOU SNAPDEAL."
"Nice battery back up,and good"
"Best phone for calling in this range"
"Good product,got before the deadline."
"good phone and seller is good"
"Very nice mobile phone, product quality is good
I'm happy after using this phone"
"Bahut hi acha phone h sarvice bhi achi h bahut khus hu mai"
"product was good, and is very simple to use"
"very handy  & basic stylish phone"
"Best online purchase site.."
"perfect in this price, branded, (i was sure it has a correct SAR value). Snapdeal packaging was good and delivery was way too  excellent. Thank you Snapdeal Team and seller for this. : )"
"Nice product"
"Overall good product"
"If you want to buy a phone with good battery backup and a reliable phone .
So that you can pass your day without headache of charging it .
Then you should buy Samsung guru.
It's fantastic phone and I'm very happy to buy it from #snapdeal"
"Good product"
"Best deal..... Good product from Snapdeal"
"This phone is osome"
"I received 1 day deleted but product packaging and quality is 101% genuine."
"nice product"
"excellent product must buy , good in so many areas like battery , music , keypad."
"Owsam Phone..."
"Awesome Service."
"Nice nic
 Goin"
"Nice Performance"
"Thank you Snapdeal for such a fast delivery and genuine product...  LOVED SHOPPING FROM YOU.."
"I ordered it for my dad. he says phone is good and voice clarity is awesome. They delivered it before time."
"It is very nice phone"
"A best mobile in the range for normal use"
"Best online purchase site ever"
"This mobile is very nice thank you snapdeal"
"Easy to Rid n Tuff...Fast up...."
"Nice mobile to use"
"Nice prodect"
"In a good budget, this is seriously a good phone. I gifted it to my dad and I was surprised to see the battery life! I last charged on the day I received and now it is almost 5 days after that, still the battery is almost full (just 1 'stick' decreased). I asked my dad if there is any issue but he told me that the phone is nice and handy. I recommend this phone to all. Thank You Snapdeal, thanks Samsung."
"Accha h lena h to le sakte ho"
"No words to explain about the phone 
Everything is good for the price.. 
Especially charging was stupendous 
Voice quality excellent 
Descent sound"
"Good condition. All parts are good."
"Very good in price compare to other site of online shopping. Also delivery as per schedule."
"very gud when ur smart fone goes off."
"good product"
"It's very  nice"
"nice product"
"Excellent service by Snapdeal
Brand new product
Fast delivery
100% satisfied"
"Outstanding"
"Delivered before the committed date.. Phone is So nice and handy.. Good feature phone with good sound.Battery backup is great..."
"Very good qulity phone"
"I Buy this phone via snapdeal
After 3 days it deliver to given address

Phone Review
1) Very good phone
2) No Hangs No lags 
3) I buy it for best network, Network is Superb. I can connect call on very low network
4) other mobile Fails to connect call on very low coverage (i.e. inside house, villages, building ground floor) also receive call on very low network
5) fm quality is superb we listen clearly inside home other device fails
6) voice quality is super in low network area. 
7) volume  is lowed average in both ear and hand speaker

test it with all major operators:- Vodafone, Idea, airtel, Tata Docomo, Telenor"
"Osm product with fastest delivery .Thank you team SNAPDEAL"
"I'm happy because it having good service."
"i bought this product for my mom ... value for money.."
"Loved the sale"
"Mobile is good., but..... No Bluetooth"
"I got the delivery in just 2 days"
"Delivery at time but I want than faster of that delivery"
"KEY PAD LETTER's IMPRESSION ARE GRADUALLY FADING AWAY DAY BY DAY, EVENTHOUGH IT IS PROTECTED BY COVER. I FEEL VERY SORRY"
"Delivery so fast it's great snap deal"
"Good products"
"Mobile phone is super"
"Without camera 
Stylish design"
"Very Smooth. I like it. Happily talk to people. It is good for those user who is taking more over phone."
"Good cell phone battery working is nice"
"Very good mobile"
"Product is good but service given by snapdeal was pathetic..should improve customer relation service."
"The phone comes with a 2.00-inch display. Powered by a 800mAh removable battery

The Samsung Guru Music 2 can be expanded up to 16GB via a microSD card.

The Samsung Guru Music 2 is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) phone that accepts two Regular SIMs. Connectivity options include FM.

What’s in the Box
- Handset
- Battery
- Charger
-User manuals
- Earphone

Performance
I am looking for a good music-centric with its exceptional sound clarity and decent music storage capacity. This dual SIM mobile phone enables we can store up to 3000 songs in the device and offers micro USB connectivity for easy and fast data transfer. It features a bright 5.08 cm TFT QQVGA display that showcases every image with ultimate clarity and details. Equipped with a long-lasting 800 mAh battery, It comes with a FM Radio that entertains me with the latest songs, news and more while i am on the move. The predictive text input feature enables me to get a comfortable and convenient typing experience. Get ready for a nonstop music listening session with Samsung Guru Music 2 which is specially designed for music lovers.

Very good sound quality
Good battery backup
Decent screen size
Good resolution ."
"Nice basic phone with better price."
"Nice product.good service"
"Value for money"
"Supeeeeeer phone i love snapdeal"
"Samsung key pad phone very good sanpdeal delivery very good service"
"Good phone nice"
"Samsung mobile is awesome"
"i am using this phone since one year only for calling."
"Thanks snapdeal"
"Nice product"
"how can i give review"
"I like this phone and your logistic services. I like to shop from snapdeal"
"Good Phone"
"Had ordered for my grand mother...simple and easy one...fast delivery...thanks Sd"
"Best phone and best battery backup"
"Good quality"
"Very nice phone with a long back up.. and fast service by snapdeal.  Thanq snapdeal"
"Good product"
"Nice product. Good Sound quality.delivery is good."
"This phone is awesome for those who does not want smart phones. I am using it from last 4 months, till now no complain."
"nice..............."
"Good one for simple use"
"battery back up is very bad.."
"Good service by snapdeal"
"same price at local market we can purchage imideatilly form near shop at same price."
"If anybody want's basic mobiles means purchase this. Mobile looks good. Thanks Snapdeal"
"Most impressing thing is it's tiny OS support almost every basic essential requirement. Offers a moderate FM sounds, which could be improved further to make sound more perceptible and harmonized. Front side look is much better than the roundish backside. It support memory card also. I found this product as worthy in this price range. Though this is my 1st month experience of using this product. Let's see how it perform in long run."
"Nice one superb quality"
"i did not get any cash back as i was promised by free charge ."
"Go for it, Quality is good , Sound is good"
"Feauture phone is gud..."
"item delivered before expected time."
"Very good item in this range.bought this item for mummy,just loving it"
"<U+0001F44C> product"
"Phone was delivered as per schedule."
"Its awesome & nice its geniun product friends go for it buy this product no daut."
"Bdjdhxjfkzjzjieis"
"Good one to use"
"This mobile is very good in price and thank you snapdeal for best service like."
"lightweight phone with good battery backup.
supports music only with micro sd card up to 16gb.(no internal storage).
loudspeaker sound is not loud.
sound quality(music) is just ok."
"It's a good product,l like Snapdeal"
"Genuine mobile from snapdeal..I'm using this mobile two weeks and the quality is very good..battery backup excellent. Voice quality is awsum..I like it."
"Delivery within record time"
"No bluetooth"
"this is good phone with long battery life. easy to use. snapdeal delivered on time as promised. thank you snapdeal"
"Thanks so much  good del"
"This phone is very low quality as I expect so i am not happy"
"Hi......... Avery Bedy Pls Using Snapdeal Continue"
"Thanks and gd delivery time"
"best phone in this price , Rough n tough"
"Normal Time Delivery"
"Nice product"
"Good mobile"
"NO BLUETOOTH TO THIS MOBILE. DISAPPOINTING.
OTHERWISE GOOD PRODUCT WITH GOOD CONVENIENCE OF USAGE"
"Best bar phone in this range."
"Compact and good mobile for that price..."
"little bit late in delivery"
"Some features are not present still for caling purpose it is satisfactory"
"Nice Mobile"
"Amazing fone. When the hackers will block all the android fones in India, I will happily use my Samsumg Guru with pride, just like I used 100 rupee notes when govt banned old 500 and 1000 notes."
"Happy purchase snapdeal and fast delivery thanks"
"Very Good and impressive"
"Same type of product is available in market at 50% lesser price. Battery is terrible. No camera. Expected price is around 1000 hardly not more than that. Looks good. Not value for money.
Don't buy it."
"Superb design looks premium above average quality"
"Incredible colour combination and looks with dual SIM and memory card slot having 1000 phone contacts saving capacity.

Having gud calling sound quality.

Getting headset (earphone ) along with charger."
"it is very good mobile lightweight good battery backup"
"If u want 2 buy genuine bar phone which is also in your budget samsung guru 2 should b your choice.it looks good and performance will b good too as its samsung product and delivered by snapdeal"
"Nice Mobile"
"Buttery capacity is very good overall nice product under that budget"
"This awosme mobile guys. because its simple and really good looking. I really feal good"
"small problem when it switch to second sim key pad tone starts automatically no option for disabling the the tone over all okay"
"You want to buy a musicsystem one handed phone...just buy not lools others..it fantastic work untill you through phone..it is the greatest phone you ever use like this type of phones..and much following attracting is the price..i loved it"
"Good value of money phone from Samsung very low budget phone with fm and supported memory card awesome mobile with dual sims"
"Must buy but only on Snapdeal"
"U gave me a chinese battry with 2 hr backup aan.  Then off"
"This is a very good product... Nice battery backup... Music quality is great & looks are also nice... And hats off to the delivery & packaging service of snapdeal... Overall great experience"
"Battery back up is good"
"Recommended. battery is good. It is for my dad."
"i would like to thank first to samsung and also amazing service by snapdeal and i fully sufficient with this mobile,because it is very admiration for all those puchasers....."
"It's working good"
"Nice mobile battry backup is superf"
"nice budget phone.Good sound,great look,battery backup is great.
value for money"
"i bought this mobile. really it is very good in performance. 

also snapdeal delivery is very good , it has been reached before the expected delivery time."
"The real \"Value For Money\" mobile is this! Build quality is very good. Sound quality is also very good. It supports any kind of headsets having 3.5 mm jack. Even the smartphones cannot give such outstanding earphone support!! I have tried SONY, Skullcandy and many mores with this and it really rocks! Battery also fine its coming 3 to 4 days with normal use. overall nice buy"
"Very good phone"
"Best feature mobile under 2000"
"Awesome Phone, backup is so long (4 days backup)
lite and nice product."
"Purchase it and you won't regret, ever.  Battery life is too too much , phone didn't die even after 5 days of heavily used.
And at this price range I think only we go for is battery life, which is unquestionable.
Very light phone so grip and go."
"good product ..."
"value for money"
"make fast delivery"
"Sreeramareddy"
"Mobile is Good Less cost and better performance I will surly recommend this And thanks to snap deal"
"decent mobile"
"Very good excellent"
"Very much satisfied with the overall service providede by snapdeal. 

All the best to snapdeal and keep up the good job...."
"I wanted to gift a multimedia phone to my father who feels uneasy in operating android phone. This mobile fulfilled every requirement and is a product worth buying"
"Nice and sturdy phone with good battery backup.."
"Snapdeal exleant"
"Snapdeal is amazing with its services and wide range of products.... Genuine and easy replacement"
"Nice phone delivered on time .  Very-2 happy.  If u want keypad phone Go For It ."
"Nice good quality"
"no more words to explain about this product that much of nice product I like it so much good signal, fm, battery packup,etc.......everything is good thank you snap deal"
"I bought a mobile, it's very trandy , easy to access old-age people's also... 

Delivery is too great... Fast ... I like it."
"perfect delivery n product"
"Very good phone"
"Nice mobile low wait slim body. But i get long beep sound in some time. When i saw mobile there is not any massage or missed call. I cannot understand whats the problem"
"Bought for mu mother arived a day before new year and happy to get it"
"Please do that"
"I requested mobile was some problem u did not solve it please understand our problem, mobile was not satisfactory please arrange pick up once again and i request refund my money back as soon as possible thank you,"
"ws having issue with tracking bt resolved afterwords"
"Good one by Samsung."
"I'm enjoying the shoping of snapdeal. 2016 snapdeal gave me new adventure of life. thanx"
"Good very good"
"It is really nice and best phone in that range thanks you all very much"
"Battery are very good of this phone and also good speaker for listen songs"
"Simply good ! Easy to use and carry. Battery back up is superb !!"
"Worth the money
Bang on performance"
"Got this device at lowest price n received the delivery within 2 days.. thnx snapdeal."
"Petfect Size and perfect price"
"I would recommended to buy this phone seeing its battery life.enjoy uninterrupted talking and stay connected"
"Please provide old model Nokia phone in new assemble."
"Thank you Snapdeal. Nice product...."
"Nice products"
"i really appreciate to snapdeal to simply deliver this product whenever i purchess stuff from snapdeal i have no worry any kind.about this phone it is a good quality phone by samsung ..thNks!Snnappy<U+263A>"
"Samsung is brand. If you want by normal phone must by this phone. I have got the problem in this phone after 3 months form purchase. My sound it not working so go to the service center and resolve this problem. In under warranty period"
"Was good product to use"
"The price is very good for me to this cell phone. Good battery backup and sound. It's also looks good."
"Wow I wanna got this marvelous phone"
"Awesome & good"
"I ordered this phone for a friend. 
*Delivery was before expected date. 
*Good packaging. 
*He was happy with it.

Cant review the product cause I don't use the product myself. 
It was overall a good experience."
"Nice product and service is good"
"The fastest and original products in snapdeal"
"product is good but courier servies slow"
"It's a very good product and compare to other sites Snapdeal is giving at best price"
"fast service,good price with perfect dealing on snapdeal."
"Delivery late but was properly informed about this."
"nice product. good packing & fast delivary."
"Snapdeal not help me"
"Nice phone but prce s little bit more"
"Good for long use."
"Battery finishing very fast"
"Happ to have dis mobile from snapdeal!!!!....."
"Fast delivery and the product was gud one"
"Good phone with value of money I love the purchase. Thank you Snapdeal"
"Product with Good Packaging. Only the delivery is delay. Quality product."
"Good phone and clear voice quality"
"Thanks ......"
"Good buy, phone works well."
"It's good sealed and original. Good price. In this cost a good product. Battery backup so long. I am fully satisfied by snapdeal service"
"Its a good mobile within this range.
Good sound system..
One problem is fount i.e during calling there is no system to select any sim with the same time.So, you will have to set the time period in the setting programe to select the sim through which you are going to call."
"I have Received perfect mobile before planned delivery time and in good packing . I have gifted it to my mother and she is happy to use this product. I suggest all my friends and others who read this review to use Snapdeal service always for good guaranteed service with good genuine product list. Thanks Snadeal !"
"Samsung have low quality and performance"
"purchased as a back up phone, have used it for 2 weeks & battery back up is quite good.

Thanks"
"Good product"
"Phone looks great . Sound quality awesome .. Battery backup superb.. Delivery super fast.. Thanks.."
"It was very super condition and nice looking"
"Nice phone in this range. Its a pretty old model. But I recommend this one because of its battery backup and voice quality."
"Delivery Was fast and packing was really good"
"Thanks snapdeal"
"This product is original product, so many online stores is duplicate product is send to the customer, but snapdeal is sending to the original product. Customer  support is very good."
"nice product"
"product is good & delivery is also done early."
"Nice look, simple and easy to Handel."
"Value for money."
"after buying this product,, I feel that I purchased  right product of Samsung because it has gorgeous looking , better battery backup after charging  and better communication through both sim card hence there is no problem in incoming as well as outgoing call...also it has nice sound while playing audio....finally overall I ll be give it 9.5 points out of 10  of Samsung guru................."
"Super.....product.. Good delivery by snapdeal"
"its a gud phone!!!!"
"Good product"
"the product is good and charging time is also long. But this doesn't contain back light for NON-number buttons(calling and rejecting etc.)"
"It is working good."
"Excellent product"
"Thank you snapdeal"
"good one.."
"good quality"
"And product is absolutely excellent. I love snap deal more than other"
"The phone was extremly good.voice clarity was nice & price was upto mark."
"I got it and working very fine ."
"This is just good  see what is next"
"Very good phone"
"Working good...basic but good product. ..so far doing very good job"
"Ruff and tough but if display quality was better it would have being nice

Also it is small and very comfortable to keep inside pocket"
"Waste of money and time. Sending faulty item"
"Mobile battery is ossam"
"Really a great experience with this product"
"I would like to invite who fund the phone for ur mother, father and anyone.  U can buy because the phone is good on this rate and give u anyone as gift."
"On Time Delivery... <U+0001F60A><U+0001F60A><U+0001F60A><U+0001F60A>"
"Product is very good, snapdeal delivery is before time."
"Few money good phone"
"Average product"
"The phone is perfect for my dad use. Moreover i am v.happy with the delivery and the whole process from purchase to delivery of the product by snapdeal."
"Gud mobile"
"as compared to market it will bst..."
"It's good only good, okay not much price difference from the market but it's okay"
"Thanks to Snapdeal for Right time delivery and untouched product."
"MIND BLOWING SET... BATTERY SERVICE IS TOO GOOD...
AND SWEET MUSIC QUALITY ... I LOVE IT.. ALREADY ODERED TWO SET"
"No battery No ricevd"
"Nice product"
"I like your service"
"Best handset by best company"
"Very nice phones and long time battery and good speaker"
"Nice product"
"That was a quick delivery by snap deal I received it in 1 and a half day time. I was basically looking for a non camera phone and found this at the least price in Snapdeal. 

I shall update about the performance of the phone after some time of use."
"Fast delivery and best among all online shopping website"
"Compact Packed...
Exact Time Delivery..."
"Nothing better then others"
"This mobile very. handly occupied and can be used for normal use...."
"Samsung B310E Guru Music 2 good one"
"Awesome experience about snapdeal.very very very like it"
"very good nice product"
"Nice mobile"
"I got my phone witin 2 days.  it was unaccepted...
Thank guys...."
"Must buy...lowest price in snapdeal"
"nice delivery and perfect phone."
"Very nice product.. Also thanks to Snapdeal to deliver right product after lodge complain"
"On time delivery"
"It is a very good product. Because battery life is good"
"Mobile is good packed well"
"Nice product for this budget"
"Good super excited"
"Nice phone 
Thanks"
"Nice ...,......."
"I have purchased this phone for my mother. Very nice phone and latest stock i.e. Nov., 2016. Thanks Snapdeal."
"Lifetime phone.......with long battery."
"Over is Good in this cost"
"Nice looking"
"All parts condition are very good"
"This is a best features basic mobile phone. Superb delivery by snapdeal its just one day delivery. So fast........."
"Good built quality.. Good sound.. Dual sim with micro SD slot.. Nice sound.. Better than Nokia"
"Value for money"
"Better to use...."
"Battery life is good . and overall good phone . I request to every one to purchase this one ."
"I am very happy to bought this phon . Really loved it & nice packing from snapdeal"
"Samsung B310 E not a ordinary basic phone I have purchase last week I m so happy for this product this phone like a hammer good quality phone for long term I m so happy for this I will buy again Samsung product in future ....Ashish Kumar Prajapati New Delhi .. Thanks Snapdeal"
"Good service from Snapdeal"
"Good phone under this range and good battery backup overall  good phone"
"product is good"
"Very comfortable but not have automatic time settings"
"Worth the money"
"Awesome product
Very easly handling 
And battery backup is so good"
"My experience in purchasing this phone is very good. @@@"
"The product is too price from market price"
"Battery is good and display text is also very good easily user interface."
"Good product for calling and radio"
"This is the best mobile for businessman"
"Worth a keep for a number meant for only calls or at max SMS's. Definitely this tiny piece is an adorable possession in this age of gigantic Androids :D"
"nice battery backup and perfect mobile"
"It is really value for money"
"Phone is very good. But Seller needs to improve delivery time. Must dispatch as soon as possible."
"good basic mobile"
"<U+092C><U+094D><U+0932><U+0942><U+091F><U+0942><U+0925> <U+0928><U+0939><U+0940><U+0902> <U+0939><U+0948> <U+0907><U+0938><U+092E><U+0947><U+0902>"
"Average phone goodPhone"
"The phone is Samsung guru music that delivered is good, I using this phone since 5 Nov I do not found any problem and this is my first Samsung product. This is really very nice...."
"Good phone in that budget. Everything up to the mark"
"best basic mobile"
"Best product for best price"
"I used this phone this is best."
"GOOD PRODUCT"
"I like the this mobile and good delivery by Snapdeal."
"Good product"
"They delivered the product within the date specified and i am happy."
"It is a perfect basic phone in this range with best sound quality and battery"
"Nice phone"
"I like this mobile. I receive it before delivery time. Excellent service from snapdeal. Thanks Snapdeal."
"Its good at this price range.battery life is good"
"good mobile"
"Fast delivery"
"Good product i gifted this mobile to my mother."
"If you forget to put your phone on charge or have no time to charge it then buy it noww battery life is perfect and perfect sound and certified original charger and earphone with boom sound. Display could be better but not bad although it is good and i inserted 16 gb memorycard support it very well so if you looking a mobile for long time or for your parents or for rough use then buy it noww and blue is perfect color to buy it. So then go for it. Now."
"Phone is too good in such a price. The only issue, which I feel, the volume of loud speaker."
"Product is good and your service is excellent"
"product is working well till now. Delivers order on time."
"very strong, ear phones are super."
"Good product as described  and snapdeal has delivered it  in time."
"In gist good product with good delivery service."
"battery back up long time"
"Not recommended to purchase"
"Good phone but videos not playing"
"Nice mobile we can buy it I am Happy with this"
"Nice phone..best battery backup, but nothing Bluetooth option.. it's wrong.."
"Good product"
"4 days battery life.. really good phone"
"this is really a nice product,and you can take it without any hesitation ,and snapdeal is also good seller, you can trust on it."
"Very  nice product"
"The phone is nice"
"The product is good but price could be little less...you can go for it..."
"Best battary backup and exlant vice quality."
"Delivered before time. Item was well packed. Product is good. Thanks Snapdeal."
"The mobile is good for it's type of users."
"Faster delivery tnx to snapdeal Team"
"Good. Delivered on time"
"Very good basic phone with good battery back up"
"i happy ...snapdeal delavery very fast ...."
"Same price in Morket no difference"
"its wonderfull expirience"
"I buy this phone for my mom. Lets see how much star she give it when i give this to her on Diwali. ?? I give 5star. Hope she also do same."
"Nice product nice price nice packing nice mobile nothing wrong zero error"
"Mobile is good deliver on time this cell very compact basic use very super"
"Overall Satisfactory"
"nice phone with speed dialing facility which helps old age peoples .i gift this to my mom."
"I gifted to mom, mom said that this phone is very good for me"
"Device is okok type"
"Good good good"
"Nice products"
"Very fast delivery, unbelievable"
"Well, I wanted a basic phone. It works nice and fills up all my basic requirements(Like battery life, calling, messaging, etc..)"
"nice look.. superb battery backup.. worth for money..
stylish color.. good service by snapdeal.."
"good phone"
"Value for money in basic phone ."
"Good super"
"Good looking
Very light weight"
"Good product, perfect delivery!!"
"Material is good"
"Its a good & fast delivering by Snapdeal."
"I not like this mobile because i not recive this product bill"
"Perfect backup mobile for smartphone users...... If you looking for good battery backup with dual Sim basic mobile phone just go for it.it has FM micro SD card support (16gb), which is nice to have .coms with a Samsung head phone also......battery lasts easily 4-5days with mild usage..... Thanks snapdeal"
"Best phone for elders"
"This phone is the best phone ever and my 3 purchase of its same category phone"
"Very nice perfect mobile"
"its good i got the in very good condition. Thanks to snapdeal"
"Good phone"
"Great dual sim phone at that price with good battery backup"
"The sound, battery and handset too admirable.. But whn started listening music,   no option is available to perform other functions. It is like only speaker for listening mp3. If ths can be rectified how awesome the product would."
"Good product,Sound is good,Good for Rough use and best for elders for first time users.
Snapdeal package is superb."
"Battery is powerful...
Look is beautiful..
In 1 hour u can almost full charge it... Powerful charger.
Simply great."
"Value for money"
"good joB. fast delivery"
"nice phone..."
"nice phone"
"Very good basic handset from Samsung. Received in time & with good package from Snapdeal."
"It s a nice phone"
"This phone is best for those who are working in offices where camera is banned...And its perfect...Amazing Battery..Amazing performance...Sound is clear and loud..And oberall a good product in this budget<U+0001F44D>"
"Superb item within low range"
"excellent prouduct"
"Nice sound and battery backup"
"Excellllent"
"Battery backup is good."
"good looking phone nice sound nice battery back up"
"Phone has excellent audio quality. Light weight. Vivid colours. Snapdeal Delivered it much before it was expected. 
Truly unboxing happiness experience."
"This is a perfect phone for my old aged mother. display is mid range, handy, battery OK."
"Decent phone and compact at this price."
"I like it .........."
"good product"
"I use the mobile its very good also battery function ok"
"This good budy, I like it"
"GOOD EXPERIENCE"
"Awesome service.
Under 4 days its deliver.
I love ur service
Thnx"
"This is a good product.. battery backup good..in lowest price it s good product"
"Nice product"
"i like this phone and"
"Such a wonderful app and easy delivery on time... love this app"
"very good. ......"
"Mobile handset is good but sound quality is not much"
"Kjjhgfedqasxvbb0987554321"
"Nice phone"
"Nice and goodone"
"The product was good and very fast delivery."
"Gud product"
"it is a good phone....evething is good.....dont  be bother and confuse...it is cost effctive..handy....lyt...good voice clarity..music...all r exclnt...recmnd to purchase to evy1......thnks SD.."
"Very nice basic phone."
"Product is delivered with in delivery date and packaging was good"
"Very very Good"
"This is a very good phone wid very nice features"
"Battery back-up is also good.its taking,listening music & FM is also good."
"Superb phone."
"speaker sound low
display not good"
"Good service and awesome follow up on order.....overall a good experience.... Keep it up team..."
"Good stuff , like it."
"Awesome phone in this price range"
"Good Product & fast delivery. Thanks snapdeal"
"5.0 out of 5 starsFirst I was plan to buy Nokia 130 but someone suggest me to go with Samsung guru music 2 and seriously it's look so pretty..loooveee mine no complaints."
"good phone"
"Bluetooth is not supportable, connect to PC for data transfer."
"NOT BAD..   OVERALL GOOD"
"Best mobile phone for students who love songs and don't want to keep multimedia phones.
Works perfectly.
16gb expandable.
32gb card does not supports.
Very good sound quality with earphones.
Long battery life.
Can view some of the image formats.

RECOMENDED"
"Value for money."
"paisa vasool phone. Packaging and delivery was good. Working good."
"Didn't got the phone"
"Good Phone"
"This is good phone with so many good features such as strong build, sound quality, low weight etc. Must have for those who are in search for non smart phone."
"I liked this Samsung Guru Music 2 SM B310E (BLUE). I needed this as an additional set. Looks very sleek and stylish."
"It is a very cute and working fine.  We can't compare this with other mobiles."
"Excellent run and tuf"
"Good and reliable and trusted"
"sAfgadshzbzfsdb"
"The phone  quality  is good but the sale price is more than the MRP. The charger cord is too short."
"I don't know about the matter of fact. You have been Received amount of excess from the MRP value."
"Good Battery backup.."
"Nothing about tell this"
"good hai this phone"
"I am happy for this product"
"This phone was very good ans so long his battery backup up to 4 days it is fantastic product u also buy this it is a waonderful product"
"Its take more rs as per market rate.. bt quality is good.."
"Nice phone"
"Good..........."
"value for money"
"One of the best basic mobile"
"I only say very good overall."
"super phone"
"Sound quality is supeb..crystal clear sound...happy with the product.."
"its to good...."
"the product is very good"
"wow great quality from samsung nd from snapdeal make it better"
"this phone has awesome voice clarity. 
great key pad. louder ring.
perfect phone for businesses person."
"thanks snapdeal"
"hello everyone... using phone 1month . . very nice project small and music is awesome."
"Awesome phone I love it very much."
"It's Great Mobile Value for money.Superb battery Backup & Snapdeal delivered it quickly & had a Good packaging.."
"Good product"
"nice phone and best performance"
"Yep its better to use samsung mobile..."
"very good battery life mobile.5"
"Samsung Guru Music 2 Duos SM B310E White"
"good 5 star"
"IAM HAPPY THIS MOBILE ALSO VERY GOOD"
"very good product"
"This phone have torch."
"it is too handy& useful"
"snap deal good product"
"excellent phone"
"good phone"
"this is very nice  product and nice price"
"best sanpdeal"
"its awesome ...!!!!"
"brand new product with genuine packing"
"Good prodoct in this price.....!"
"Satisfactory!!! It serves all the purpose which a featured phone is supposed to serve.. Plus its music quality is very good as well.. In a nutshell, it's a very good phone.. You can go buy it.."
"Samsung Guru Music 2 Duos is a good basic phone with many features like FM radio, music player. The display is good and the phone is easy to handle."
"Very good model and thanks for snapdeal quick delivery"
"i m happy with this"
"I bought it for my mother. She loved the color."
"Not satisfied with courier service. Moreover market price of the same product was lower than snapdeal"
"Good item..and it z best quality in battery back up.reasonable price..."
"very good battery backup"
"Battery life is so good"
"the product is good."
"Good music sound super"
"NIce budget phone."
"Phone was good..... better service"
"it is a very good phone in basic phones"
"Superb phone"
"Nice product"
"This phone is good and useful for common use"
"Good product nice dealing perfect"
"Amazing price and best mobile phone"
"I bought this phone for my mother.  Her requirement was a basic phone.

- Call voice Quality is good.
- Looks are nice.
- The back cover is rough to provide grip.
- Audio quality is nice."
"overall it,s a good budget phone,but there is one thing which disappoints,if it has Bluetooth then it will be the best budget phone.overall features and battery backup are good."
"excellent product from snapdeal..........."
"I have thought to do something else this Diwali. So I order this phone for a juice vendor near my home who dont have a phone to talk with their childrens at his native.So I was looking for some special or extra features phone and finally I got this phone on snap deal and trust me this phone is very good and thanks to snap deal to give such a good deal and delivered the product within time interval."
"Good product and very gd service by snapdeal.Gd work carry on...."
"Its good to talk for hours and handy to carry. The price is low thus need to worry if it gets lost. Good if your work involves travelling and lot many calls."
"Good mobile for this price range. go for this mobile... Call quality is good. Good for basic  mobile."
"-Excellent battery life
-Rugged Model
-Item as described
-Delivered in time
-Best Recommended in non Smart models"
"it is very simple and compact in size for easy handling for all and also its having enough memory capacity for all user."
"samsung guru music 2 duos moblie is a nice non android mobile ..
lyked it."
"if samsung added bluetooth feature this will be an awesome phone in this bracket looks good weight less"
"Mast hai,maza aata hai,, chhota phone bada dhamaka,,its 16 GB expandable memory amazing"
"Very good mobile for basic use like calls.and SMS.
Battery life is good."
"Batter backup is good. i am getting 3 days and MP3 player sound is nice. Overall worth for this price and audio clarity is good as compare to other mobiles"
"Good n genuine.....fast home delivery.....trustworthy....."
"nice thank to change first delivery recieved colour black"
"Good basic phone in this price range. Worth buying it..."
"Good in all aspects, good battery back up, sound clarity is good."
"nice product, very much satisfied the product"
"BATTERY BACKUP NICE
NICE SOUND QU.
NICE LOOKING THIS MOBILE PHONE"
"This is the best phone ever I had used. 
I had used so much phones but this is definitely the Best low range phone"
"Nice Shipping and delivery by snapdeal and found the product in good condition."
"Nice phone, good looking. 
It have better battery backup. It's color is also good.."
"Hi Everyone,

I purchased this mobile for my father. My don't know the operating of smart mobiles so i preferred to buy this product.

It was very nice, low price  and very flexible mobile.


Thanks,
subhash.N"
"Good phone to use .a true value for money.it serves basic purpose of communicating with family and friends very efficiently."
"good product good product good product good product"
"my review its a very nice product and it have a long bettery backup i have already purchase 2 mobile from snapdeal...thnx"
"The best mobile in basic model phones..
audio clarity  was quite gud..
Handy n nice look..."
"Product is good.But snap deal lies all customers"
"The phone is very useful and it is recommendable to everybody who will not use smart phone"
"Value for money,Value for money,Value for money,Value for money,"
"Good product very nice to use battery was good"
"1. hassle free delivery,
2.Assured quality of the product.
3. Reliability"
"nice product and good deliveru features excellent at dsz price"
"Working super. I recommend this product, recently I purchase 2 mobiles."
"really a nice n handy set specially its expandable memory fatureis awesome"
"I had a great experience with snapdeal.Product was good all accessories are there in the box."
"Quality phone at good budget  buy hassle free"
"good product do it as sale kindly purchase this handset"
"I have bought this product in couple of months back. As of now there is no issues and it's working fine. Very low cost and useful for normal purpose."
"Product is good, but price equal as shop due to delivery charge Rs.100/- ."
"Perfect time delivery. very gooood product and friendly behaviour your snapdeal team member..
Thank You Soo Much."
"we are booked White hand set but delivered blue and taken 15 days delay"
"THIS IS YOUR BEST PARTNER SERIOUSLY IF YOU ASK I DON'T HAVE WORDS TO DESCRIBE THIS BATTERY IS  ADORABLE. ...... JUST GIVE IT A CHANCE...."
"Super Phone, No one is race with Samsung Guru."
"The features and the look is too good. The baatery backup is also good.I really like this phone."
"I am looking for a good music-centric with its exceptional sound clarity and decent music storage capacity. This dual SIM mobile phone enables we can store up to 3000 songs in the device and offers micro USB connectivity for easy and fast data transfer.  It features a bright 5.08 cm TFT QQVGA display that showcases every image with ultimate clarity and details. Equipped with a long-lasting 800 mAh battery,  It comes with a FM Radio that entertains me with the latest songs, news and more while i am on the move. The predictive text input feature enables me to get a comfortable and convenient typing experience. Get ready for a nonstop music listening session with Samsung Guru Music 2 which is specially designed for music lovers."
"great battery backup nd good looking phone"
"Very nice experience with snapdeal. Reliable and good customers service make it different from other."
"super delivery by snapdeal and product is good"
"All good, recommended purchase from Snapdeal."
"awesome phone. music quality, battery ,earphone everything good.battery lasting 5-6 days. anyone can buy this phone...."
"It is the best mobile at this price point"
"16gb is good ,slim phone is very nice , ringtons is very good pictur"
"Very nice product and fast delivery received in 3 days thanks. Snapdeal"
"Delivery is very fast and i was shocked by this delivery because no one can not delivered as you"
"Snapdeal app is the great and best app in compare to other shopping apps.......I love you snap deal!!!!!!"
"best price,better product,good quality and less weight"
"Memory  card  to  be isssue.for better customer satisfaction."
"very good...blue-tooth, camera is  missing..."
"It's awesome.... Great delivery time.... Snapdeal ccustomer service is too good...."
"Easy Delivery and very good piece. Happy with the product and fast delivery,"
"product is nice and withvery good packing. moreover courier boy said to me to check the product  in front of him. thanks snapdeal and go javas. it is a best secondary basic phone you must have with your android phone"
"Best phone and best service from snapdeal .recommended to buy from snapdeal only"
"very good product ...buy it.. good battery back up music"
"Working fine. goob battery backup. best model for basic mobile usage."
"It was COD. I got my product before the last delivery date. I bought it as my back up phone. Once charged minimum 2 days will work with all features used in those 2 days. Music sound quality is just  fabulous. Good phone for music lover too."
"Easy to use
Cheaper
Good quality and good sound"
"Such a good mobile. I'm very satisfied with this."
"I purchasd samsung guru and i am happy because of their services.My order reached to me in very fast."
"Awesome phone with nice earphone.
Everything is good . I recommend this phone to purchase all for those who wish to talk more calls."
"pls go for it...... budget phone ........................................................."
"Amazing and smart looking product for those who want simple mobile for only calling or listening to music."
"Very good product really appreciate thanks to snapdeal"
"Good Secondary Phone  with Battery Backup."
"Good Delivery Process & Good Price. Awesome  range of phone"
"I have order two unit of this mobile... Good Mobile to buy... 
Go for it... Snapdeal will deliver the same before your expectation"
"Delivery is late , no update for delivery , no any contact no. delivery boy"
"Very good  product and service of sanpdeal also excellent"
"Great product and faster delivery by snapdeal."
"product delivery and quality is very good and i like your service. Thankyou."
"Best Featers Phone....
i like this one..."
"it is one of the best basic mobile perfect in all respect"
"Gud in all aspects, nice in battery backup... Good Voice quality"
"Great product in this price range with great delivery time. I have received this product in one day...."
"Its realy good  hand set, I like this product very much."
"worth full phone that's amount. batery backup for 3 days for talking time. non talking timing for 5 days"
"Awesome phone, I brought two phones...thank you snapdeal...."
"I recieved the product with good packaging , without any defect of the device and performance was also good."
"Phone stopped working just after 10 days. Terrifying customer experience. Lost faith over Snapdeal retailer base."
"Good mobile for use regular.
Battery Backup is super.
In market lower price available."
"This is one of great product of samsung.
Amaging sound effect and battery backup also.
Thank for give me."
"Good phone at this price..................................."
"It's really a nice phone. I give five stars and hundreds extra star."
"Hi am using this phone .Excellent Phone. Must buy."
"REALLY THANKS FOR FIRST OF ALL SUCH A NICE  LOOK..LONG LIVE BATTERY AT LEAST 4 DAYS------WAH! WHAT A RELIEF...REALLY SUPERB SOUND QUALITY......IN THIS ANDROID GOING MARKET EVERY ONE  MUST HAVE SUCH A LOW PRICE NICE QUALITY OF PHONE.....NOW ITS URS  CHOICE............"
"good looking
simpley and best
good futcher
happy this prodect"
"superb mobile in lowest price..................."
"I am so very happy  perfect products and this services is a very perfect. So again I am very Happy"
"high cost   otherwise  all futures are good"
"overall you may get all the basic feature in this phone as well battery backup. sometimes if you  feel boar  you can enjoy music with awesome sound...
by all purpose for basic phone everything is 10/10.. i must like it...."
"I am fully satisfied with the product and the delivery of Snapdeal
Its really 'Dil ki Deal"
"Nice to use.battery doent get low. rocking"
"Best deal on snapdeal, wid fast delivery and nice packing
Pros
loud ringtone, easy type and elevated-nice feel keypad, very light weight, beautiful design wid green strip on blue background
cons
battery last only a day on heavy use"
"It's a best mobile in this range. Not any one issue in this mob..."
"Good Product..
Scheduled Delivery from Snapdeal.."
"Awesone phone in this price range..........."
"good phone........................................................................................................"
"Awesome phone in this price range. that is called cheap and  best. I love this device i have never used it. i am happy with this."
"Good mobile, amazing and I recommend this product"
"I got devices very fast from courier service,  and mobile easy to use, understable to everyone in use."
"The phone is very cute looking, battery backup is decent. Size is very cool, grip and feel is so good.

Works fine. The loud speaker is decent. Ringtone loudness is good.

In short Awesome product to buy in this price range."
"Good Music and Sound Quality Good Head Phone and Charger"
"Yes I am happy betary nice performance
Looking good"
"Seller delivered the product on 15 July, placed on 13 July.  The voice clarity (incoming and outgoing) is very clear.  

If consumer is looking for a Basic Handset at this price then following expectations can be fulfilled :-
a) Voice Clarity
b) Dual GSM Sim (for Normal size sim slot)
c) Good battery backup
d) 2.4 inch screen size
e) Ring Tone volume is audible
f)  Torch"
"good battery backup....suparb music hai guru... all dear friends purchase this phone  ita was very good look...."
"I am shopping form snapdeal .this sites is very nice and awsome 
i am proud to be a site for snapdeal very very very good application for phone"
"Nice Look, Good Key pad and screen.. 
This is an best price as well. I do't think much to say on this mobile..."
"This phone is very good for users it has so many features even not in a simple phone provided by the company but in music 2  is possible bcoz of dual sim and the vest thing is music ....on. Very chip rate so we have decided nothing can be possible with this price..thanks snapdeal ........"
"Good one"
"SD is very helpful to purchase the good product_ thanks snapdeal & team."
"The best phone in this price category by the samsung.
Music quality in this phone not up-to-mark but its still ok."
"Average mobil"
"excellent delivery
i never expect before the date delivered
thank you all for the support
thank's to snap deal"
"Good condition in packing."
"Awsum Product, And even cheap price good for long time use."
"THE BEST PART IS THE BATTERY BACK UP ESPECIALLY FOR THOSE WHO HAVE TO BE IN CONSTANT TOUCH BE IT PERSONAL CALLS OR BUSINESS CALL.OTHERS FEATURES ARE ALSO UP TO THE STANDARD"
"Good service provider by snapdeal.... item is absolutely original .... timely delivery of order"
"battery backup v low and no Bluetooth"
"Samsung guru is a simple and class..im happy to say this is the top brand in India.music player is also available in phone so not get a bore.."
"It's very good site for all of things..."
"Great phone at this price range, battery last for at least three day with heavy calling. Sound quality is great. A good basic phone from Samsung. Screen is large and the display is good and vibrant. All smartphone users should keep this phone as a standby. A very cute phone specially the white colour."
"For keypad phone lovers it is worth buying!
Pros:
 sleek design, rich look, good power back up."
"incoming and out going call sound low and massage background is dimcolour"
"Perfect. It doesn't get any better"
"Good Phone"
"Since i purchased this item ,battery seems not good.
battery got drained in 10 hr even if i am not using at all."
"not awesome but got the right expected product.
delivery was quite fast."
"lovely product"
"good price good mobile"
"nice phone"
"Nice mobile and Coriyour all so received"
"It is very good product for use"
"Very stylish design and decent color. Good sound quality. Big screen. Easy usable keypad."
"Good looking and easy to use"
"Very poor delivery system, when i do complaint to snap deal customer service always give one reply 'that your order on the way. and reach to you on delivery date, which is after 7 day of order date, but on delivery date irecive a mail from snap deal that your order is delayed it will be reach to you in next five day. Pls do it fast . Thanks"
"Really happy with product"
"Fine very gd"
"Pocket me lightweight. Battry v fullfull."
"deliery was on time. phone was sealed and packed properly. and ph is really nice. easy to access."
"I gifted to my mom as birthday gift and it was a perfect gift"
"REALLY NICE PRODUCT. TIMELY DELIVERED WITH GOOD PACKING. REALLY SATISFIED WITH SNAPDEAL PRODUCTS."
"It is a nice phone with all basic operations."
"good phone and snapdeal service so fast thanks a lot"
"Good"
"V nyce slim 2 handel"
"nice product"
"I bought it through snapdeal and the performence of the phone is Great."
"I recomend it for business people n long working travelers."
"Budgets best basic  mobile I am happy"
"Value For Money"
"Good Mobile."
"Voice clearity and good batery life."
"Excellent buy"
"It is amazing phone by Samsung . Slim.. light waight. .. and battery backup is so good.  I want to by this one again and again"
"Such a good mobile in effortable price its essay to understand the function of this mobile is good and i must say the sound of earphone of this mobile is great
so i recommended to every one who want to purchase great mobile in very low price and its battery life is good"
"good"
"Impressed with delivery in 3 days and the cell phone was untampered. 
I could save some money as well. this is my 5th purchase on snapdeal.

Thanks"
"good phone for making calls of 2g ,very handy ,dual sim"
"Really good product and fast delivery with great tracking and communication."
"Good mobile"
"GREAT BAR PHONE"
"Nice product with less price comparing to other outlets..."
